Migrate from Nginx to Traefik (#3792)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: docs/developer-networking.md

```

## Certificate

> We'll generate a self-signed certificates for traefix to serve our site over ssl. Before you begin this, make sure you have pulled down the Virtual-Machines repo or have a traefik proxy up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll generate a self-signed certificates for traefik to serve our site over ssl. Before you begin this, make sure you have an installation of the [traefik proxy](http://traefik.io) up and running.
```

Adjusting since only GR employees will have access to the Virtual-Machines repo

```

> cd [virtual-machines repo]/traefik/tools/certs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd <path_to_traefik_installation>/tools/certs
```

When prompted to add the certificate to your Keychain, choose the System keychain.  After verifying that you are an administrator, search for `dev.test` in Keychain Access and double click the certificate.  Open the Trust section and in the top drop-down select Always Trust.

> # Traefix proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Traefik proxy
```

> Update the Virtual-Machine repo's `.tools/traefik/config.yml` file to reference these certificates.

Reviewer: @dtgreiner can you put an example `config.yml` here?  I don't think there was anything secret in that, so should be fine to include here, rather than referencing the GR only repo.

Once the certificates are setup and in place, turn on the traefik network and bring up the traefik docker container
```
docker network create traefik
docker compose up -d reverse-proxy
```

### DIRENV

If not already set up, install DIRENV. You will need to allow the changes after updating the file.

```
brew install direnv
direnv allow
```

Append your `.envrc` with the following 

```
export FQDN=hmis-warehouse.dev.test
export TRAEFIK_ENABLED=true
```

Allow the file changes through direnv
```
direnv allow
```

> append the output from `direnv hook bash` to the end of your shell config file (e.g. .zshrc, .bashrc)

Reviewer: I think this call is actually shell specific, so maybe just reference the setup instructions here: https://direnv.net/docs/hook.html
